All right.
So we have the numbers, but we want them to look something like this.
For that, for you to use this progress component from it.
So instead of just writing them here, I want to put them in a separate component so that it's it's
it's not a lot of code repeated.
It's time to show the post comments categories, you know, four times.
So let's put them in components.
Let's call it inside posts.
Let's call it the render.
And the progress starts in Syria.
First, let's import the progress from and then we import.
The debate is now this one we haven't actually installed.
So this one is to show the numbers since.
The condom.
18.
For that effect, we used another NPM library called React to.
We can't do this one.
And we have to come.
The sense of that.
All right.
Oh, that's quick.
Let's start now.
Let's import that import can do from react count and then it's input the main component from.
Next link.
So actually we don't need to import in all the other.
While the patient we can't remove from it.
Okay.
So here, let's run a function contest.
Render progress equal to.
So here we make it clear what we use link.
Interlink.
We need to have anchor decks, eh?
And then tied here, we want to show the progress.
Progress?
Time we can do the type we want to use sample.
Check out the documentation for if you want to, you know, take out all these options available.
So tight circle.
Oh, stroke column.
You can use nice, beautiful, red, green, blue, all the nice colors.
But I'm just going to keep it simple.
I'm just going to just use black and white.
And I actually want to use a gradient color you can see to gradient color.
So I want black and white kind of a gradient color.
So you can take out the examples, for example, for gradient.
This is how you can apply structure gradient.
All right.
So let's try to struggle
0%.
I think it might be much better if you just copy from here.
Stroke on.
Let me just grab this from a script that.
I replaced that.
And it's a struggle starting from the zero that I'm going to use the score since it's six, and then
you can have 0 to 100 or you can have three costs or another one you can have a different color at 50%.
So 50% another color if if white, and then 100%, let's use one, one, one.
All right.
And then percent, 100 and then four.
How are you going to display we want to use the discount.
All right.
So we need to receive the numbers as props and then we can use count two.
So count to the number or whatever that is.
So if we have the 50 posts and then that will be the count.
So that will be the number.
All right.
And speed.
We can choose the number.
Multiply 100.
All right.
So that means we should be receiving this number as props.
And then you can show the name as well.
So you can see here, let me show you the finished example.
We are showing the different names, right?
Not on the number.
We are showing the name as well.
So we can also pass the props and use you name and then link to link.
Let's give the default value of this has again.
So if there's not a link passed as props, then we just use this default hash.
Otherwise we use the link.
All right.
So we can pass these values to this function of this component when we're using it here.
And to show the name, we can just use a paragraph.
And here we show the name and I want to make them all uppercase, so to case I can use that function.
Now let's give a bit of a style and this one has a margin top 18.
So it has a bit of a margin on top corner.
66.
All right.
Now let's explore.
Ready to progress.
So let's import this component and use this to display the numbers here in the admin index and we pass
these value number and name and link.
Again, let's go to index.
Let's import.
Components posts.
Range of progress.
And then we use that.
So instead of doing this, we now use that component.
Now we need to pass the process number, and that would be number border post.
We can pass the name posts and the link.
We can pass link.
That would be.
This one.
This ad means this post.
All right, so let's see how this looks.
Number is not defined.
Range of progress to the numbers.
Number.
Nothing was returned from Ranger.
Written statement is missing and been left.
This.
I'm pretty sure this is not from here, even though it looks like it is from the syringe of progress
we export.
Okay.
So I see what happened.
We use the curly breasts or when we use the cord, which we had to use the return keyword.
That's why we had that error.
Much of that.
A riff experts who string in link but could only find.
Oh, that is a true history.
Uh, we using to link here, right?
So we can link.
Okay, so if a link is given, we use that.
Otherwise, the default when.
All right.
I'll give you a good, beautiful tandem count towards the top and zero.
And then we have this beautiful the count.
Right.
So networks.
Now if you didn't want to write treat and cure since we have just one block which link you could just
remove the curly brace and then you have to write written cure I guess to this reality it works.
Okay.
So now we can use this friend to progress as many times as we like.
So we used here for post.
Now we can use again.
So let's copy.
Corporate is based here.
So this one was four posts.
This one we use for what else we can do here.
Post comments.
Next one, just copy.
Actually, this is one drawer.
Right.
So we copy the entire row.
And based again down here in this one will be four categories in this one for use.
All right.
So from the very top we have for the post no list since here.
This one we want to use for comment.
And then we give the name comments, link admin comments and for the categories we called it numbers,
numbers and categories categories in the admin plus categories.
And the last one, use this for users.
And means less use.
All right, let's have a look.
Okay, so we got this beautiful statistics.
Let's give you two.
Let's try to visit.
You can see we have this country.
Beautiful.
Now on this interview.
I think we don't really need that margin.
I think I wrote audio for the first one for the post.
Okay.
I think we need to put maybe 100, maybe 50.
Let me just copy all this command and find and replace that with mazel tov.
But replace.
Oh, save.
And you see, that's where.
Beautiful.